Docker improvements, added Conda with container guide (#101)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/software_examples/other_languages_tools/conda-tarball.md

---
ospool:
  path: software_examples/other_languages_tools/conda-tarball.md
---

# Conda with Tarballs

The Anaconda/Miniconda distribution of Python is a common tool for installing and managing Python-based software and other tools. 

> There are two ways of using Conda on the OSPool: with a tarball as described in this guide, or via a
> [custom Apptainer/Singularity container](../conda-container/). Either works well, but the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways of using Conda on the OSPool: with a tarball as described in this guide, or by installing Conda inside a
[custom Apptainer/Singularity container](../conda-container/). Either works well, but the container
```

> solution might be better if your Conda environment contains non-Python tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solution might be better if your Conda environment requires access to non-Python tools.
```
